Here are some suggestions to improve your code:

Error handling for API requests: It's a good practice to include error handling when making API requests to handle potential network or API errors. You can use the try-except block to catch any exceptions that may occur during the request and handle them gracefully. For example:
python
Copy code
try:
    response = requests.get(url)
    response.raise_for_status()  # Raise an exception for 4xx or 5xx status codes
    data = response.json()
    # Process the data
except requests.exceptions.RequestException as e:
    print("Error occurred during API request:", e)
Unit tests: Adding unit tests can help ensure that your code behaves as expected and remains functional when making changes or updates. You can use testing frameworks like unittest or pytest to write test cases for your functions. Test cases can include scenarios like successful API responses, handling of empty or invalid responses, and expected behavior of different functions.

Separate code into multiple files: As your code grows, it's a good practice to separate it into multiple files/modules to improve maintainability and organization. For example, you can move the functions related to radio stations into a separate radio.py file, and functions related to the GUI into a gui.py file. Then, you can import and use these functions in your main script.

Use a config file for API keys: Instead of hardcoding the API key directly into your script, consider using a configuration file (e.g., a JSON file) to store sensitive information like API keys. This way, you can easily update the key without modifying the code itself.

Logging: Adding logging statements throughout your code can help in debugging and troubleshooting. You can use the built-in logging module to log relevant information, warnings, or errors to a file or console.

Code style: Ensure that your code adheres to a consistent code style. PEP 8 is a widely accepted style guide for Python. Following the PEP 8 guidelines, such as using lowercase with underscores for variable and function names, will make your code more readable and maintainable.

By implementing these improvements, you can enhance the error handling, test the functionality of your code, improve maintainability, and adhere to best practices.